- Chang Readme -


  = Q & A =


 Q : Why Chang? 

 A : I always liked playing Chang in both CvS2 and KOF, particularly in 97/98. I felt like his move-set and gameplay in CvS2 felt a little
     incomplete so I decided to expand upon it while retaining his core CvS2 elements.


 Q : What's his playstyle like?

 A : Chang is a pressure/neutral heavy character that requires tight execution and working around his slowness to work.


 Q : How do you play Chang?

 A : Chang is pressure heavy. His blockstrings are very deadly and for the most part safe. cr.LP, cr.LP, cr.LK xx IC Ball Swing is his most safe
     and reliable blockstring. He is left at +3 on block, and it allows for an extra cr.MP. Speaking of cr.MP, it's Chang's best poke. Along with
     cr.MK, cr.MP is a very great poke, the problem is just the priority. It's a frame 3 move, which makes his blockstrings freeform considering
     how plus his lights are. st.LP even links into cr.MP, granted it is a 2f but it's a simple link. You have a 2f window to squish in a cr.MP
     from an IC Ball Swing that can leave you safe even though that is a gap. Now, his pressure does seem very OP, however his weakness to not
     only his pressure but his entire game is his size. Chang is not only a big character, but he's also very slow, which means that once the
     corner push takes him out of his blockstring, it's difficult for him to continue his turn and keep the pressure going. However, this leaves
     him in firm control of neutral, and the opponent has to do something to escape another potential Chang blockstring rave. If the opponent
     tries jumping, Chang has an anti-air in Ball Swing, if the opponent tries doing nothing, Chang can just use his slide command normal and
     then cancel into IC Ball Swing for another turn. If the opponent tries to poke themselves, Chang has a high priority st.HP that stuffs
     anything not named Sagat st.HP, the problem is that it whiffs on crouchers, which is where his cr.MP/cr.MK come in handy. Once his cr.MP
     or cr.MK lands, he can cancel into an IC Ball Swing, and gets yet another chance to steal a turn. Chang's neutral is complex when it comes
     to his pokes, however in the big picture, the goal of his neutral is to get up close and suffocate the opponent with blockstrings. However,
     while this aspect was touched on earlier, it needs to be covered in more detail, and that's his movement. Chang's main weakness is his very
     slow movement, which means that Chang sort of suffers from Shadow DIO syndrome, where all his pressure has gaps you can exploit. He will
     struggle with quicker characters that can get out of pressure easy. While Chang has great defensive options himself, he unfortunately has
     some trouble with characters that have phenomenal defense. Thing is, you need to work around this movement in order to make sure you can
     get to the spots where Chang is the most optimal. There's no way to describe it, you just need to work with the fact that Chang is just a
     fucking fatass. Once you get used to his movement, and once you get used to his neutral and blockstrings, Chang is a very oppressive and
     nerve-racking character with suffocating offense and very good defensive pokes.



  = BEGINNER COMBOS =

 cr.LP, cr.LP xx HP.Tekkyuu Dai Kaiten

 cr.LP, cr.LP, cr.LK xx Tekkyuu Dai Bokusatsu

 st.LP, cr.MP xx HP.Tekkyuu Dai Kaiten

 st.MP xx EX.Tekkyuu Dai Kaiten, st.MP xx HP.Tekkyuu Dai Kaiten

 st.LP, cr.MP xx Tekkyuu Dai Bokusatsu


  = CUSTOM COMBOS =

 Install, repeat (st.MP xx st.MK), Tekkyuu Dai Assatsu


 = CREDITS =

  gal129 - SFF, Choi idle/walk/run coding

  Dronk, Dawn de Era, Joey the Tricky, Troy99 - Feedback